# boto2

s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_contentlength_none
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_contentlength_mismatch_above
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_authorization_empty
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_date_and_amz_date
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_amz_date_and_no_date
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_authorization_none
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_contentlength_none
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_acl_create_contentlength_none
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_contentlength_empty
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_contentlength_none
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_authorization_empty
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_authorization_none
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_contentlength_mismatch_below_aws2
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_authorization_incorrect_aws2
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_authorization_invalid_aws2
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_date_none_aws2
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_authorization_invalid_aws2
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_date_none_aws2
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_md5_invalid_garbage_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_contentlength_mismatch_below_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_authorization_incorrect_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_authorization_invalid_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_ua_empty_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_ua_none_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_date_invalid_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_amz_date_invalid_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_date_empty_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_amz_date_empty_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_date_none_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_amz_date_none_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_date_before_today_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_amz_date_before_today_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_date_after_today_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_amz_date_after_today_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_date_before_epoch_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_amz_date_before_epoch_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_date_after_end_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_amz_date_after_end_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_missing_signed_custom_header_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_missing_signed_header_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_authorization_invalid_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_ua_empty_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_ua_none_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_date_invalid_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_amz_date_invalid_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_date_empty_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_amz_date_empty_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_date_none_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_amz_date_none_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_date_before_today_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_amz_date_before_today_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_date_after_today_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_amz_date_after_today_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_date_before_epoch_aws4
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_amz_date_before_epoch_aws4

# NotImplemented
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_nonexistant_bucket_s3
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_nonexistant_bucket_rgw
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_public_bucket_list_public_index
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_private_bucket_list_public_index
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_private_bucket_list_empty
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_public_bucket_list_empty
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_public_bucket_list_private_index
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_private_bucket_list_private_index
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_private_bucket_list_empty_missingerrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_public_bucket_list_empty_missingerrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_public_bucket_list_private_index_missingerrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_private_bucket_list_private_index_missingerrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_private_bucket_list_empty_blockederrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_public_bucket_list_pubilc_errordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_public_bucket_list_empty_blockederrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_public_bucket_list_private_index_blockederrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_private_bucket_list_private_index_blockederrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_private_bucket_list_empty_gooderrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_public_bucket_list_empty_gooderrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_public_bucket_list_private_index_gooderrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_private_bucket_list_private_index_gooderrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_bucket_private_redirectall_base
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_bucket_private_redirectall_path
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_bucket_private_redirectall_path_upgrade
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_xredirect_nonwebsite
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_xredirect_public_relative
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_xredirect_public_abs
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_xredirect_private_relative
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_xredirect_private_abs

s3tests/functional/test_utils.py::test_generate

# MalformedXML
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_bad_punctuation
# MalformedXML, NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_read_not_exist_null
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_append_object
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_append_normal_object
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_append_object_position_wrong
# CreateBucket - MalformedXML
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_logging_toggle
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_storage_class
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_storage_class_multipart
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_modify_storage_class
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_modify_storage_class_multipart
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_storage_class_copy
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_storage_class_copy_multipart
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_atomic_dual_conditional_write_1mb
# MalformedXML
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_atomic_write_bucket_gone
# MalformedXML, NotImplemented - CreateMultipartUpload(SSE-C headers)
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_multipart_invalid_chunks_1
# MalformedXML, NotImplemented - CreateMultipartUpload(SSE-C headers)
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_multipart_invalid_chunks_2
# MalformedXML, NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_different_tenant
# MalformedXML, NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_set_condition_operator_end_with_IfExists
# MalformedXML, NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_request_obj_tag

# boto3

s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_md5_invalid_short
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_md5_bad
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_md5_empty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_md5_none
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_expect_mismatch
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_expect_empty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_expect_none
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_contentlength_empty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_contentlength_negative
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_contentlength_none
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_contenttype_invalid
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_contenttype_empty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_contenttype_none
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_authorization_empty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_date_and_amz_date
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_amz_date_and_no_date
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_authorization_none
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_contentlength_none
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_acl_create_contentlength_none
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_put_bad_canned_acl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_expect_mismatch
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_expect_empty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_contentlength_empty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_contentlength_negative
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_contentlength_none
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_authorization_empty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_authorization_none
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_md5_invalid_garbage_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_contentlength_mismatch_below_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_authorization_incorrect_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_authorization_invalid_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_ua_empty_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_ua_none_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_date_invalid_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_date_empty_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_date_none_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_date_before_today_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_date_before_epoch_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_date_after_end_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_authorization_invalid_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_ua_empty_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_ua_none_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_date_invalid_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_date_empty_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_date_none_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_date_before_today_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_date_after_today_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_date_before_epoch_aws2

# Skipped
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_put_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_put_user_policy_invalid_user
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_put_user_policy_parameter_limit
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_put_user_policy_invalid_element
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_put_existing_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_list_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_list_user_policy_invalid_user
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_get_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_get_user_policy_invalid_user
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_get_user_policy_invalid_policy_name
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_get_deleted_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_get_user_policy_from_multiple_policies
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_delete_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_delete_user_policy_invalid_user
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_delete_user_policy_invalid_policy_name
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_delete_user_policy_from_multiple_policies
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_allow_bucket_actions_in_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_deny_bucket_actions_in_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_allow_object_actions_in_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_deny_object_actions_in_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_allow_multipart_actions_in_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_deny_multipart_actions_in_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_allow_tagging_actions_in_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_deny_tagging_actions_in_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_verify_conflicting_user_policy_statements
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_verify_conflicting_user_policies
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_verify_allow_iam_actions

# Skipped
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_generate_where_clause
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_generate_projection
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_count_operation
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_count_json_operation
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_json_column_sum_min_max
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_json_nullif_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_column_sum_min_max
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_nullif_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_nulliftrue_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_is_not_null_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_lowerupper_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_in_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_true_false_in_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_like_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_truefalselike_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_nullif_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_lowerupper_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_in_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_like_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_complex_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_alias
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_alias_cyclic_refernce
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_datetime
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_true_false_datetime
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_csv_parser
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_csv_definition
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_schema_definition
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_when_then_else_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_coalesce_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_cast_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_version
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_trim_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_truefalse_trim_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_escape_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_case_value_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_bool_cast_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_progress_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_output_serial_expressions

# Skipped
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_get_session_token
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_get_session_token_permanent_creds_denied
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_allow
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_deny
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_creds_expiry
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_deny_head_nonexistent
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_allow_head_nonexistent
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_invalid_webtoken
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_check_on_different_buckets
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_check_on_same_bucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_check_put_obj_denial
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_swapping_role_policy_and_session_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_check_different_op_permissions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_check_with_deny_effect
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_check_with_deny_on_same_op
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_bucket_policy_role_arn
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_bucket_policy_session_arn
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_copy_object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_no_bucket_role_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_bucket_policy_deny
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_with_sub
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_with_azp
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_with_request_tag
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_with_principal_tag
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_for_all_values
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_for_all_values_deny
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_tag_keys_trust_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_tag_keys_role_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_resource_tag
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_resource_tag_deny
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_wrong_resource_tag_deny
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_resource_tag_princ_tag
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_resource_tag_copy_obj
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_role_resource_tag

s3tests_boto3/functional/test_utils.py::test_generate

# Failed - wrong ListObjects is_truncated
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_delimiter_prefix
# Failed - wrong ListObjectsV2 is_truncated
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_delimiter_prefix
# Failed - wrong ListObjects is_truncated
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_delimiter_prefix_underscore
# Failed - wrong ListObjectsV2 is_truncated
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_delimiter_prefix_underscore
# Failed - got DeleteBucket error code BucketNotEmpty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_delimiter_not_skip_special
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_account_usage
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_head_bucket_usage
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_unordered
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_unordered
# NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_return_data
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_return_data_versioning
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_objects_anonymous
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_objects_anonymous
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_concurrent_set_canned_acl
# SignatureDoesNotMatch
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_write_with_chunked_transfer_encoding
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_concurrent_multi_object_delete
# NotImplemented - DeleteObjects
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multi_object_delete
# NotImplemented - DeleteObjects
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multi_objectv2_delete
# NotImplemented - DeleteObjects
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multi_object_delete_key_limit
# NotImplemented - DeleteObjects
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multi_objectv2_delete_key_limit
# Failed - missing GetObject metadata
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_set_get_metadata_none_to_good
# Failed - missing GetObject metadata
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_set_get_metadata_none_to_empty
# Failed - missing GetObject metadata
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_set_get_metadata_overwrite_to_empty
# Failed - missing GetObject metadata
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_set_get_unicode_metadata
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_anonymous_request
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_authenticated_request
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_authenticated_no_content_type
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_authenticated_request_bad_access_key
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_set_success_code
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_set_invalid_success_code
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_upload_larger_than_chunk
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_set_key_from_filename
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_ignored_header
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_case_insensitive_condition_fields
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_escaped_field_values
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_success_redirect_action
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_invalid_signature
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_invalid_access_key
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_invalid_date_format
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_no_key_specified
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_missing_signature
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_missing_policy_condition
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_user_specified_header
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_request_missing_policy_specified_field
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_condition_is_case_sensitive
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_expires_is_case_sensitive
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_expired_policy
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_wrong_bucket
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_invalid_request_field_value
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_missing_expires_condition
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_missing_conditions_list
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_upload_size_limit_exceeded
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_missing_content_length_argument
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_invalid_content_length_argument
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_upload_size_below_minimum
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_upload_size_rgw_chunk_size_bug
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_empty_conditions
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifmatch_good
# Failed - missing PutObject error code PreconditionFailed
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifmatch_failed
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifmatch_overwrite_existed_good
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifmatch_nonexisted_failed
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifnonmatch_good
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifnonmatch_failed
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifnonmatch_nonexisted_good
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifnonmatch_overwrite_existed_failed
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(ACL), PutObject(ACL)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_get
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(ACL), PutObject(ACL)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_get_object_gone
# NotImplemented - HeadBucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_head
# NotImplemented - HeadBucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_head_notexist
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_head_extended
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(ACL), PutObject(ACL)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_get_bucket_acl
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_put_acl_mtime
# NotImplemented - OPTIONS GetObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_get_x_amz_expires_not_expired
# Skipped - tenant is not provided
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_get_x_amz_expires_not_expired_tenant
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(ACL)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_anon_put_write_access
# Failed - missing CreateBucket error code InvalidBucketName
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_dns_dot_dot
# Failed - missing CreateBucket error code InvalidBucketName
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_dns_dot_dash
# Failed - missing CreateBucket error code InvalidBucketName
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_dns_dash_dot
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(ACL)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_recreate_overwrite_acl
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(ACL)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_recreate_new_acl
# NotImplemented - GetBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_default
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_canned_during_create
# NotImplemented - GetBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_canned
# NotImplemented - GetBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_canned_publicreadwrite
# NotImplemented - GetBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_canned_authenticatedread
# NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_default
# NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_canned_during_create
# NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_canned
# NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_canned_publicreadwrite
# NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_canned_authenticatedread
# NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_canned_bucketownerread
# NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_canned_bucketownerfullcontrol
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_full_control_verify_owner
# NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_full_control_verify_attributes
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_canned_private_to_private
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_write
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_writeacp
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_read
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_readacp
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_grant_userid_fullcontrol
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_grant_userid_read
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_grant_userid_readacp
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_grant_userid_write
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_grant_userid_writeacp
# NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_grant_nonexist_user
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_no_grants
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_header_acl_grants
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_header_acl_grants
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_grant_email
# NotImplemented - GetBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_grant_email_not_exist
# NotImplemented - GetBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_revoke_all
# NotImplemented - PutBucketLogging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_logging_toggle
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_private_object_private
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_private_objectv2_private
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_private_object_publicread
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_private_objectv2_publicread
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_private_object_publicreadwrite
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_private_objectv2_publicreadwrite
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_publicread_object_private
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_publicread_object_publicread
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_publicread_object_publicreadwrite
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_publicreadwrite_object_private
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_publicreadwrite_object_publicread
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_publicreadwrite_object_publicreadwrite
# Failed - wrong CreateBucket CreationDate
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_buckets_list_ctime
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_list_buckets_anonymous
# Failed - got CreateBucket error code BucketAlreadyOwnedByYou
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_recreate_not_overriding
# NotImplemented - PutObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_special_key_names
# NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_zero_size
# NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_16m
# NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_same_bucket
# NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_verify_contenttype
# NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_to_itself
# NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_to_itself_with_metadata
# NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_diff_bucket
# NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_not_owned_bucket
# NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl, CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_not_owned_object_bucket
# NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_canned_acl
# NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_retaining_metadata
# NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_replacing_metadata
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning, CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_versioned_bucket
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning, CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_versioned_url_encoding
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning, CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_versioning_multipart_upload
# Failed - got CompleteMultipartUpload error code NoSuchUpload
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_upload_small
# Failed - got CompleteMultipartUpload error code NoSuchUpload
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_upload
# Failed - got GetObject metadata key in UpperCase 'Foo'
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_upload_resend_part
# Failed - missing AbortMultipartUpload error code NoSuchUpload
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_abort_multipart_upload_not_found
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_list_multipart_upload_owner
# NotImplemented - UploadPartCopy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_copy_small
# NotImplemented - UploadPartCopy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_copy_invalid_range
# NotImplemented - UploadPartCopy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_copy_improper_range
# NotImplemented - UploadPartCopy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_copy_without_range
# NotImplemented - UploadPartCopy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_copy_special_names
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning, UploadPartCopy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_copy_versioned
# NotImplemented - UploadPartCopy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_copy_multiple_sizes
# Failed - wrong status code 100
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_100_continue
# NotImplemented - GetBucketCors
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_set_cors
# NotImplemented - GetBucketCors
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_cors_origin_response
# NotImplemented - GetBucketCors
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_cors_origin_wildcard
# NotImplemented - GetBucketCors
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_cors_header_option
# NotImplemented - OPTIONS GetObject, GetBucketCors
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_cors_presigned_get_object
# Skipped - tenant is not provided
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_cors_presigned_get_object_tenant
# NotImplemented - GetBucketTagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_set_bucket_tagging
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_atomic_conditional_write_1mb
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_atomic_dual_conditional_write_1mb
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_atomic_write_bucket_gone
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_resend_first_finishes_last
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_bucket_create_suspend
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_create_read_remove
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_create_read_remove_head
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_plain_null_version_removal
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_plain_null_version_overwrite
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_plain_null_version_overwrite_suspended
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_suspend_versions
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_create_versions_remove_all
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_create_versions_remove_special_names
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_create_overwrite_multipart
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_list_marker
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_copy_obj_version
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_multi_object_delete
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_multi_object_delete_with_marker
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_multi_object_delete_with_marker_create
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioned_object_acl
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioned_object_acl_no_version_specified
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioned_concurrent_object_create_concurrent_remove
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioned_concurrent_object_create_and_remove
# NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set
# NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_get
# NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_get_no_id
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecyclev2_expiration
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_versioning_enabled
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_tags1
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_tags2
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_versioned_tags2
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_noncur_tags1
# NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_id_too_long
# NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_same_id
# NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_invalid_status
# NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_date
# NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_invalid_date
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_date
# NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_days0
# NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_header_put
# NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_header_head
# NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_header_tags_head
# NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_header_and_tags_head
# NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_noncurrent
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_noncur_expiration
# NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_deletemarker
# NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_filter
# NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_empty_filter
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_deletemarker_expiration
# NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_multipart
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_multipart_expiration
# NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_transition_set_invalid_date
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_transition
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_transition_single_rule_multi_trans
# Skipped - requires 3 or more storage classes
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_noncurrent_transition
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_noncur_transition
# Skipped - requires 2 or more storage classes
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_plain_null_version_current_transition
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_cloud_transition
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_cloud_multiple_transition
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_noncur_cloud_transition
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_cloud_transition_large_obj
# NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encrypted_transfer_1b
# NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encrypted_transfer_1kb
# NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encrypted_transfer_1MB
# NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encrypted_transfer_13b
# NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_method_head
# NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_present
# NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_other_key
# NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_invalid_md5
# NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_no_md5
# NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_no_key
# NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_key_no_sse_c
# NotImplemented - CreateMultipartUpload(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_multipart_upload
# NotImplemented - CreateMultipartUpload(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_unaligned_multipart_upload
# NotImplemented - CreateMultipartUpload(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_multipart_invalid_chunks_1
# NotImplemented - CreateMultipartUpload(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_multipart_invalid_chunks_2
# NotImplemented - CreateMultipartUpload(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_multipart_bad_download
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_post_object_authenticated_request
# NotImplemented - PutObject(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_method_head
# NotImplemented - PutObject(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_present
# NotImplemented - PutObject(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_no_key
# NotImplemented - PutObject(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_not_declared
# NotImplemented - CreateMultipartUpload(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_multipart_upload
# NotImplemented - CreateMultipartUpload(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_multipart_invalid_chunks_1
# NotImplemented - CreateMultipartUpload(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_multipart_invalid_chunks_2
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_post_object_authenticated_request
# NotImplemented - PutObject(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_transfer_1b
# NotImplemented - PutObject(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_transfer_1kb
# NotImplemented - PutObject(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_transfer_1MB
# NotImplemented - PutObject(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_transfer_13b
# NotImplemented - PutObject(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_read_declare
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucketv2_policy
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_acl
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucketv2_policy_acl
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_different_tenant
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucketv2_policy_different_tenant
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_another_bucket
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucketv2_policy_another_bucket
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_set_condition_operator_end_with_IfExists
# NotImplemented - PutObjectTagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_obj_tagging
# NotImplemented - PutObjectTagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_obj_head_tagging
# NotImplemented - PutObjectTagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_max_tags
# NotImplemented - PutObjectTagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_excess_tags
# NotImplemented - PutObjectTagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_max_kvsize_tags
# NotImplemented - PutObjectTagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_excess_key_tags
# NotImplemented - PutObjectTagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_excess_val_tags
# NotImplemented - PutObjectTagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_modify_tags
# NotImplemented - PutObjectTagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_delete_tags
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_tags_anonymous_request
# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_tags_authenticated_request
# NotImplemented - PutObject(Tagging headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_obj_with_tags
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_tags_acl_public
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_tags_acl_public
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_delete_tags_obj_public
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_bucket_atomic_upload_return_version_id
# NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_bucket_multipart_upload_return_version_id
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_get_obj_existing_tag
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_get_obj_tagging_existing_tag
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_tagging_existing_tag
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_copy_source
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_copy_source_meta
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_acl
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_grant
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_s3_noenc
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_s3_kms
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_kms_noenc
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_kms_s3
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_request_obj_tag
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_get_obj_acl_existing_tag
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_lock
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_lock_invalid_bucket
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_lock_with_days_and_years
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_lock_invalid_days
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_lock_invalid_years
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_lock_invalid_mode
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_lock_invalid_status
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_suspend_versioning
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_obj_lock
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_obj_lock_invalid_bucket
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention_invalid_bucket
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention_invalid_mode
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_obj_retention
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_obj_retention_iso8601
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_obj_retention_invalid_bucket
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention_versionid
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention_override_default_retention
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention_increase_period
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention_shorten_period
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention_shorten_period_bypass
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_delete_object_with_retention
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_delete_object_with_retention_and_marker
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_multi_delete_object_with_retention
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_legal_hold
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_legal_hold_invalid_bucket
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_legal_hold_invalid_status
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_legal_hold
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_legal_hold_invalid_bucket
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_delete_object_with_legal_hold_on
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_delete_object_with_legal_hold_off
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_obj_metadata
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_uploading_obj
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_changing_mode_from_governance_with_bypass
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_changing_mode_from_governance_without_bypass
# NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_changing_mode_from_compliance
# NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_copy_object_ifmatch_good
# NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_copy_object_ifmatch_failed
# NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_copy_object_ifnonematch_good
# NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_copy_object_ifnonematch_failed
# Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_read_unreadable
# NotImplemented - GetBucketPolicyStatus
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_bucket_policy_status
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_public_acl_bucket_policy_status
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_authpublic_acl_bucket_policy_status
# NotImplemented - GetBucketPolicyStatus
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_publicpolicy_acl_bucket_policy_status
# NotImplemented - GetBucketPolicyStatus
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_nonpublicpolicy_acl_bucket_policy_status
# NotImplemented - GetBucketPolicyStatus
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_nonpublicpolicy_deny_bucket_policy_status
# NotImplemented - GetPublicAccessBlock
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_default_public_block
# NotImplemented - PutPublicAccessBlock
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_public_block
# NotImplemented - PutPublicAccessBlock
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_block_public_put_bucket_acls
# NotImplemented - PutPublicAccessBlock
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_block_public_object_canned_acls
# NotImplemented - PutPublicAccessBlock
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_block_public_policy
# NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_ignore_public_acls
# NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_upload_on_a_bucket_with_policy
# NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_bucket_encryption_s3
# NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_bucket_encryption_kms
# NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_bucket_encryption_s3
# NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_bucket_encryption_kms
# NotImplemented - DeleteBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_delete_bucket_encryption_s3
# NotImplemented - DeleteBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_delete_bucket_encryption_kms
# NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_default_upload_1b
# NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_default_upload_1kb
# NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_default_upload_1mb
# NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_default_upload_8mb
# NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_default_upload_1b
# NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_default_upload_1kb
# NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_default_upload_1mb
# NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_default_upload_8mb
# NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_default_method_head
# NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_default_multipart_upload
# NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_default_post_object_authenticated_request
# NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_default_post_object_authenticated_request
# NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_encrypted_upload_1b
# NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_encrypted_upload_1kb
# NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_encrypted_upload_1mb
# NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_encrypted_upload_8mb
# NotImplemented - GetObjectTorrent
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_object_torrent
