# boto2
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_bad_punctuation # MalformedXML
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_read_not_exist_null # MalformedXML, NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_append_object # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_append_normal_object # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_append_object_position_wrong # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_logging_toggle # CreateBucket - MalformedXML
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_storage_class # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_storage_class_multipart # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_modify_storage_class # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_modify_storage_class_multipart # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_storage_class_copy # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_storage_class_copy_multipart # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_atomic_dual_conditional_write_1mb # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_atomic_write_bucket_gone # MalformedXML
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_multipart_invalid_chunks_1 # MalformedXML, NotImplemented - CreateMultipartUpload(SSE-C headers)
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_multipart_invalid_chunks_2 # MalformedXML, NotImplemented - CreateMultipartUpload(SSE-C headers)
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_different_tenant # MalformedXML, NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_set_condition_operator_end_with_IfExists # MalformedXML, NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_request_obj_tag # MalformedXML, NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy

# boto3
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_distinct
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_many
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_many
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_basic_key_count
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_delimiter_basic
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_delimiter_basic
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_encoding_basic
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_encoding_basic
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_delimiter_prefix # Failed - wrong ListObjects is_truncated
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_delimiter_prefix # Failed - wrong ListObjectsV2 is_truncated
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_delimiter_prefix_ends_with_delimiter
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_delimiter_prefix_ends_with_delimiter
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_delimiter_alt
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_delimiter_alt
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_delimiter_prefix_underscore # Failed - wrong ListObjects is_truncated
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_delimiter_prefix_underscore # Failed - wrong ListObjectsV2 is_truncated
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_delimiter_percentage
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_delimiter_percentage
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_delimiter_whitespace
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_delimiter_whitespace
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_delimiter_dot
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_delimiter_dot
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_delimiter_unreadable
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_delimiter_unreadable
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_delimiter_empty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_delimiter_empty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_delimiter_none
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_delimiter_none
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_fetchowner_notempty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_fetchowner_defaultempty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_fetchowner_empty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_delimiter_not_exist
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_delimiter_not_exist
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_delimiter_not_skip_special # Failed - got DeleteBucket error code BucketNotEmpty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_prefix_basic
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_prefix_basic
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_prefix_alt
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_prefix_alt
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_prefix_empty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_prefix_empty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_prefix_none
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_prefix_none
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_prefix_not_exist
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_prefix_not_exist
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_prefix_unreadable
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_prefix_unreadable
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_prefix_delimiter_basic
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_prefix_delimiter_basic
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_prefix_delimiter_alt
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_prefix_delimiter_alt
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_prefix_delimiter_prefix_not_exist
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_prefix_delimiter_prefix_not_exist
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_prefix_delimiter_delimiter_not_exist
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_prefix_delimiter_delimiter_not_exist
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_prefix_delimiter_prefix_delimiter_not_exist
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_prefix_delimiter_prefix_delimiter_not_exist
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_maxkeys_one
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_maxkeys_one
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_maxkeys_zero
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_maxkeys_zero
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_maxkeys_none
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_maxkeys_none
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_account_usage # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_head_bucket_usage # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_unordered # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_unordered # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_maxkeys_invalid
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_marker_none
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_marker_empty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_continuationtoken_empty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_continuationtoken
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_both_continuationtoken_startafter
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_marker_unreadable
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_startafter_unreadable
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_marker_not_in_list
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_startafter_not_in_list
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_marker_after_list
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_startafter_after_list
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_return_data # NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_return_data_versioning # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_objects_anonymous # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_objects_anonymous # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_objects_anonymous_fail
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_objects_anonymous_fail
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_notexist
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucketv2_notexist
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_delete_notexist
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_delete_nonempty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_concurrent_set_canned_acl # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_write_to_nonexist_bucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_write_with_chunked_transfer_encoding # SignatureDoesNotMatch
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_delete
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_read_not_exist
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_requestid_matches_header_on_error
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_concurrent_multi_object_delete # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multi_object_delete # NotImplemented - DeleteObjects
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multi_objectv2_delete # NotImplemented - DeleteObjects
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multi_object_delete_key_limit # NotImplemented - DeleteObjects
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multi_objectv2_delete_key_limit # NotImplemented - DeleteObjects
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_head_zero_bytes
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_write_check_etag
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_write_cache_control
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_write_expires
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_write_read_update_read_delete
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_set_get_metadata_none_to_good # Failed - missing GetObject metadata
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_set_get_metadata_none_to_empty # Failed - missing GetObject metadata
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_set_get_metadata_overwrite_to_empty # Failed - missing GetObject metadata
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_set_get_unicode_metadata # Failed - missing GetObject metadata
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_metadata_replaced_on_put
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_write_file
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_anonymous_request # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_authenticated_request # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_authenticated_no_content_type # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_authenticated_request_bad_access_key # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_set_success_code # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_set_invalid_success_code # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_upload_larger_than_chunk # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_set_key_from_filename # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_ignored_header # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_case_insensitive_condition_fields # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_escaped_field_values # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_success_redirect_action # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_invalid_signature # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_invalid_access_key # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_invalid_date_format # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_no_key_specified # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_missing_signature # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_missing_policy_condition # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_user_specified_header # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_request_missing_policy_specified_field # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_condition_is_case_sensitive # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_expires_is_case_sensitive # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_expired_policy # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_wrong_bucket # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_invalid_request_field_value # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_missing_expires_condition # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_missing_conditions_list # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_upload_size_limit_exceeded # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_missing_content_length_argument # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_invalid_content_length_argument # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_upload_size_below_minimum # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_upload_size_rgw_chunk_size_bug # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_empty_conditions # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_object_ifmatch_good
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_object_ifmatch_failed
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_object_ifnonematch_good
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_object_ifnonematch_failed
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_object_ifmodifiedsince_good
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_object_ifmodifiedsince_failed
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_object_ifunmodifiedsince_good
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_object_ifunmodifiedsince_failed
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifmatch_good # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifmatch_failed # Failed - missing PutObject error code PreconditionFailed
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifmatch_overwrite_existed_good # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifmatch_nonexisted_failed # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifnonmatch_good # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifnonmatch_failed # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifnonmatch_nonexisted_good # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifnonmatch_overwrite_existed_failed # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_get # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(ACL), PutObject(ACL)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_get_bucket_gone
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_delete_key_bucket_gone
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_get_object_gone # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(ACL), PutObject(ACL)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_head # NotImplemented - HeadBucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_head_notexist # NotImplemented - HeadBucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_head_extended # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_get_bucket_acl # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(ACL), PutObject(ACL)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_get_object_acl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_put_acl_mtime # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_authenticated
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_response_headers
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_authenticated_bucket_acl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_authenticated_object_acl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_authenticated_bucket_gone
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_authenticated_object_gone
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_get_x_amz_expires_not_expired # NotImplemented - OPTIONS GetObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_get_x_amz_expires_not_expired_tenant # Skipped - tenant is not provided
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_get_x_amz_expires_out_range_zero
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_get_x_amz_expires_out_max_range
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_get_x_amz_expires_out_positive_range
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_anon_put
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_anon_put_write_access # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(ACL)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_put_authenticated
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_put_authenticated_expired
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_bad_starts_nonalpha
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_bad_short_one
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_bad_short_two
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_good_long_60
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_good_long_61
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_good_long_62
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_good_long_63
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_long_name
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_bad_ip
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_dns_underscore
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_dns_long
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_dns_dash_at_end
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_dns_dot_dot # Failed - missing CreateBucket error code InvalidBucketName
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_dns_dot_dash # Failed - missing CreateBucket error code InvalidBucketName
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_dns_dash_dot # Failed - missing CreateBucket error code InvalidBucketName
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_exists
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_get_location
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_exists_nonowner
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_recreate_overwrite_acl # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(ACL)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_recreate_new_acl # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(ACL)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_default # NotImplemented - GetBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_canned_during_create # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_canned # NotImplemented - GetBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_canned_publicreadwrite # NotImplemented - GetBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_canned_authenticatedread # NotImplemented - GetBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_default # NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_canned_during_create # NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_canned # NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_canned_publicreadwrite # NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_canned_authenticatedread # NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_canned_bucketownerread # NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_canned_bucketownerfullcontrol # NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_full_control_verify_owner # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_full_control_verify_attributes # NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_canned_private_to_private # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_write # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_writeacp # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_read # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_readacp # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_grant_userid_fullcontrol # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_grant_userid_read # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_grant_userid_readacp # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_grant_userid_write # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_grant_userid_writeacp # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_grant_nonexist_user # NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_no_grants # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_header_acl_grants # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_header_acl_grants # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_grant_email # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_grant_email_not_exist # NotImplemented - GetBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_revoke_all # NotImplemented - GetBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_logging_toggle # NotImplemented - PutBucketLogging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_private_object_private # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_private_objectv2_private # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_private_object_publicread # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_private_objectv2_publicread # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_private_object_publicreadwrite # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_private_objectv2_publicreadwrite # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_publicread_object_private # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_publicread_object_publicread # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_publicread_object_publicreadwrite # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_publicreadwrite_object_private # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_publicreadwrite_object_publicread # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_publicreadwrite_object_publicreadwrite # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_buckets_create_then_list
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_buckets_list_ctime # Failed - wrong CreateBucket CreationDate
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_list_buckets_anonymous # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_list_buckets_invalid_auth
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_list_buckets_bad_auth
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_good_starts_alpha
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_good_starts_digit
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_good_contains_period
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_naming_good_contains_hyphen
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_recreate_not_overriding # Failed - got CreateBucket error code BucketAlreadyOwnedByYou
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_create_special_key_names # NotImplemented - PutObjectAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_special_prefix
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_zero_size # NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_16m # NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_same_bucket # NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_verify_contenttype # NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_to_itself # NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_to_itself_with_metadata # NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_diff_bucket # NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_not_owned_bucket # NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_not_owned_object_bucket # NotImplemented - GetObjectAcl, CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_canned_acl NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_retaining_metadata NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_replacing_metadata NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_bucket_not_found
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_key_not_found
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_versioned_bucket # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning, CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_versioned_url_encoding # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning, CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_versioning_multipart_upload # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning, CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_upload_empty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_upload_small # Failed - got CompleteMultipartUpload error code NoSuchUpload
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_upload # Failed - got CompleteMultipartUpload error code NoSuchUpload
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_upload_resend_part # Failed - got GetObject metadata key in UpperCase 'Foo'
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_upload_multiple_sizes
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_upload_size_too_small
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_upload_contents
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_upload_overwrite_existing_object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_upload_missing_part
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_upload_incorrect_etag
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_abort_multipart_upload
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_abort_multipart_upload_not_found # Failed - missing AbortMultipartUpload error code NoSuchUpload
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_list_multipart_upload
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_list_multipart_upload_owner # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_copy_small # NotImplemented - UploadPartCopy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_copy_invalid_range # NotImplemented - UploadPartCopy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_copy_improper_range # NotImplemented - UploadPartCopy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_copy_without_range # NotImplemented - UploadPartCopy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_copy_special_names # NotImplemented - UploadPartCopy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_copy_versioned # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning, UploadPartCopy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_copy_multiple_sizes # NotImplemented - UploadPartCopy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_100_continue # Failed - wrong status code 100
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_set_cors # NotImplemented - GetBucketCors
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_cors_origin_response # NotImplemented - GetBucketCors
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_cors_origin_wildcard # NotImplemented - GetBucketCors
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_cors_header_option # NotImplemented - GetBucketCors
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_cors_presigned_get_object # NotImplemented - OPTIONS GetObject, GetBucketCors
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_cors_presigned_get_object_tenant # Skipped - tenant is not provided
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_set_bucket_tagging # NotImplemented - GetBucketTagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_atomic_read_1mb
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_atomic_read_4mb
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_atomic_read_8mb
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_atomic_write_1mb
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_atomic_write_4mb
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_atomic_write_8mb
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_atomic_dual_write_1mb
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_atomic_dual_write_4mb
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_atomic_dual_write_8mb
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_atomic_conditional_write_1mb # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_atomic_dual_conditional_write_1mb # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_atomic_write_bucket_gone # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_atomic_multipart_upload_write
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_resend_first_finishes_last # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_ranged_request_response_code
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_ranged_big_request_response_code
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_ranged_request_skip_leading_bytes_response_code
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_ranged_request_return_trailing_bytes_response_code
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_ranged_request_invalid_range
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_ranged_request_empty_object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_bucket_create_suspend # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_create_read_remove # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_create_read_remove_head # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_plain_null_version_removal # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_plain_null_version_overwrite # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_plain_null_version_overwrite_suspended # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_suspend_versions # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_create_versions_remove_all # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_create_versions_remove_special_names # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_create_overwrite_multipart # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_list_marker # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_copy_obj_version # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_multi_object_delete # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_multi_object_delete_with_marker # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_multi_object_delete_with_marker_create # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioned_object_acl # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioned_object_acl_no_version_specified # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioned_concurrent_object_create_concurrent_remove # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioned_concurrent_object_create_and_remove # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set # NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_get # NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_get_no_id # NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecyclev2_expiration # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_versioning_enabled # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_tags1 # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_tags2 # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_versioned_tags2 # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_noncur_tags1 # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_id_too_long # NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_same_id # NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_invalid_status # NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_date # NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_invalid_date # NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_date # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_days0  # NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_header_put # NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_header_head # NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_header_tags_head # NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_header_and_tags_head # NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_noncurrent # NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_noncur_expiration # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_deletemarker # NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_filter # NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_empty_filter # NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_deletemarker_expiration # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_multipart # NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_multipart_expiration # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_transition_set_invalid_date # NotImplemented - PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_transition # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_transition_single_rule_multi_trans # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_noncurrent_transition # Skipped - requires 3 or more storage classes
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_noncur_transition # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_plain_null_version_current_transition # Skipped - requires 2 or more storage classes
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_cloud_transition # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_cloud_multiple_transition # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_noncur_cloud_transition # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_cloud_transition_large_obj # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encrypted_transfer_1b # NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encrypted_transfer_1kb # NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encrypted_transfer_1MB # NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encrypted_transfer_13b # NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_method_head # NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_present # NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_other_key # NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_invalid_md5 # NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_no_md5 # NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_no_key # NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_key_no_sse_c # NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_multipart_upload # NotImplemented - CreateMultipartUpload(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_unaligned_multipart_upload # NotImplemented - CreateMultipartUpload(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_multipart_invalid_chunks_1 # NotImplemented - CreateMultipartUpload(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_multipart_invalid_chunks_2 # NotImplemented - CreateMultipartUpload(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_multipart_bad_download # NotImplemented - CreateMultipartUpload(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_post_object_authenticated_request # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_method_head # NotImplemented - PutObject(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_present # NotImplemented - PutObject(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_no_key # NotImplemented - PutObject(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_not_declared # NotImplemented - PutObject(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_multipart_upload # NotImplemented - CreateMultipartUpload(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_multipart_invalid_chunks_1 # NotImplemented - CreateMultipartUpload(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_multipart_invalid_chunks_2 # NotImplemented - CreateMultipartUpload(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_post_object_authenticated_request # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_transfer_1b # NotImplemented - PutObject(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_transfer_1kb # NotImplemented - PutObject(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_transfer_1MB # NotImplemented - PutObject(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_transfer_13b # NotImplemented - PutObject(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_read_declare # NotImplemented - PutObject(KMS headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucketv2_policy # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_acl # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucketv2_policy_acl # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_different_tenant # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucketv2_policy_different_tenant # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_another_bucket # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucketv2_policy_another_bucket # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_set_condition_operator_end_with_IfExists # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_obj_tagging # NotImplemented - PutObjectTagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_obj_head_tagging # NotImplemented - PutObjectTagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_max_tags # NotImplemented - PutObjectTagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_excess_tags # NotImplemented - PutObjectTagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_max_kvsize_tags # NotImplemented - PutObjectTagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_excess_key_tags # NotImplemented - PutObjectTagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_excess_val_tags # NotImplemented - PutObjectTagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_modify_tags # NotImplemented - PutObjectTagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_delete_tags # NotImplemented - PutObjectTagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_tags_anonymous_request # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_tags_authenticated_request # NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_obj_with_tags # NotImplemented - PutObject(Tagging headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_tags_acl_public # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_tags_acl_public # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_delete_tags_obj_public # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_bucket_atomic_upload_return_version_id # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_bucket_multipart_upload_return_version_id # NotImplemented - PutBucketVersioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_get_obj_existing_tag # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_get_obj_tagging_existing_tag # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_tagging_existing_tag # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_copy_source # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_copy_source_meta # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_acl # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_grant # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_obj_enc_conflict_c_s3
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_obj_enc_conflict_c_kms
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_obj_enc_conflict_s3_kms
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_obj_enc_conflict_bad_enc_kms
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_s3_noenc # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_s3_kms # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_kms_noenc # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_kms_s3 # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_request_obj_tag # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_get_obj_acl_existing_tag # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_lock # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_lock_invalid_bucket # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_lock_with_days_and_years # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_lock_invalid_days # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_lock_invalid_years # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_lock_invalid_mode # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_lock_invalid_status # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_suspend_versioning # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_obj_lock # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_obj_lock_invalid_bucket # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention_invalid_bucket # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention_invalid_mode # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_obj_retention # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_obj_retention_iso8601 # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_obj_retention_invalid_bucket # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention_versionid # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention_override_default_retention # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention_increase_period # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention_shorten_period # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention_shorten_period_bypass # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_delete_object_with_retention # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_delete_object_with_retention_and_marker # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_multi_delete_object_with_retention # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_legal_hold # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_legal_hold_invalid_bucket # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_legal_hold_invalid_status # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_legal_hold # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_legal_hold_invalid_bucket # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_delete_object_with_legal_hold_on # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_delete_object_with_legal_hold_off # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_obj_metadata # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_uploading_obj # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_changing_mode_from_governance_with_bypass # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_changing_mode_from_governance_without_bypass # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_changing_mode_from_compliance # NotImplemented - CreateBucket(BucketObjectLockEnabled header)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_copy_object_ifmatch_good # NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_copy_object_ifmatch_failed # NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_copy_object_ifnonematch_good # NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_copy_object_ifnonematch_failed # NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_read_unreadable # Skipped - fails_on_aws
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_bucket_policy_status # NotImplemented - GetBucketPolicyStatus
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_public_acl_bucket_policy_status # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_authpublic_acl_bucket_policy_status # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_publicpolicy_acl_bucket_policy_status # NotImplemented - GetBucketPolicyStatus
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_nonpublicpolicy_acl_bucket_policy_status # NotImplemented - GetBucketPolicyStatus
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_nonpublicpolicy_deny_bucket_policy_status # NotImplemented - GetBucketPolicyStatus
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_default_public_block # NotImplemented - GetPublicAccessBlock
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_public_block # NotImplemented - PutPublicAccessBlock
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_block_public_put_bucket_acls # NotImplemented - PutPublicAccessBlock
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_block_public_object_canned_acls # NotImplemented - PutPublicAccessBlock
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_block_public_policy # NotImplemented - PutPublicAccessBlock
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_ignore_public_acls # NotImplemented - PutBucketAcl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_upload_on_a_bucket_with_policy # NotImplemented - PutBucketPolicy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_bucket_encryption_s3 # NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_bucket_encryption_kms # NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_bucket_encryption_s3 # NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_bucket_encryption_kms # NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_delete_bucket_encryption_s3 # NotImplemented - DeleteBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_delete_bucket_encryption_kms # NotImplemented - DeleteBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_default_upload_1b # NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_default_upload_1kb # NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_default_upload_1mb # NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_default_upload_8mb # NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_default_upload_1b # NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_default_upload_1kb # NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_default_upload_1mb # NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_default_upload_8mb # NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_default_method_head # NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_default_multipart_upload # NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_default_post_object_authenticated_request # NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_default_post_object_authenticated_request # NotImplemented - PutBucketEncryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_encrypted_upload_1b # NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_encrypted_upload_1kb # NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_encrypted_upload_1mb # NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_encrypted_upload_8mb # NotImplemented - PutObject(SSE-C headers)
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_object_torrent # NotImplemented - GetObjectTorrent
